Add splitter instructions for leader flow (#111)
ObolNetwork/obol-docs: docs/int/quickstart/quickstart-alone.md

Run the following command:

```sh
# Create a distributed validator cluster
docker run --rm -v "$(pwd):/opt/charon" obolnetwork/charon:v0.13.0 create cluster --withdrawal-address="0x000000000000000000000000000000000000dead" --nodes 6 --threshold 5
```

This command will create a subdirectory `.charon/cluster`. In it are six folders, one for each charon node created. Each folder contains partial private keys that together make up the distributed validator described in `.charon/cluster/cluster-lock.json`.

> By default, six charon nodes will thus run from the machine used so far in separate containers. To distribute your cluster physically, copy the directory with one (or several) private keys created to the other machines you want to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will launch all six charon clients in separate containers along with an execution client and consensus client. To distribute your cluster physically, copy each directory with one (or several) private keys within it to the other machines you want to use. Consider using the single node [docker-compose](https://github.com/ObolNetwork/charon-distributed-validator-node), the kubernetes [manifests](https://github.com/ObolNetwork/charon-k8s-distributed-validator-node), or the [helm chart](https://github.com/ObolNetwork/helm-charts) example repos to get your nodes up and connected.
```
